Dark mode: Table fix (#2418)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/content/tables.md

> <!-- Boosted mod: only .table-dark is allowed -->

Reviewer: This comment can be removed

> Use contextual class to color tables, table rows or individual cells.

Reviewer: This sentence should be in the `<details><summary>` and we should add back the information callout from Bootstrap too within this `<details><summary>`

{{< callout warning >}}

> Boosted doesn't provide any branded variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boosted doesn't provide any colored variant.
```

> Darker tables are allowed so you may add `data-bs-theme="dark"` to the `.table` or any ancestor element to enable a component-specific color mode. [Learn more about our color modes]({{< docsref "/customize/color-modes" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Darker tables are allowed contextually. Add `data-bs-theme="dark"` to the `.table` or any ancestor element to enable a component-specific color mode. [Learn more about our color modes]({{< docsref "/customize/color-modes" >}}).
```

{{< /callout >}}

<details>
<summary>See Bootstrap's variants</summary>
<br>
<div class="bd-example">
  <table class="table">

>     <caption class="visually-hidden">Boosted table variants</caption>

Reviewer: This line could be removed since it's a pure Bootstrap example

{{< table class="table table-striped-columns" caption="Boosted striped columns table" >}}

> These classes can also be added to table variants.

Reviewer: You could directly use this sentence in the `<summary>` instead of "See Bootstrap's examples"

<details>
<summary>See Bootstrap's examples</summary>
<br>
{{< table class="table table-dark table-striped" >}}

{{< table class="table table-dark table-striped-columns" >}}

{{< table class="table table-success table-striped" >}}

{{< table class="table table-success table-striped-columns" >}}
</details>

### Hoverable rows

Add `.table-hover` to enable a hover state on table rows within a `<tbody>`.

{{< table class="table table-hover" caption="Boosted hoverable table" >}}

<details>

> <summary class="mb-3">See on Bootstrap variant</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>See it applied on another Bootstrap's variant</summary>
```

{{< table class="table table-dark table-hover" caption="Boosted hoverable dark table" >}}
</details>

These hoverable rows can also be combined with the striped rows variant:

{{< table class="table table-striped table-hover" caption="Boosted hoverable striped table" >}}

<details>

> <summary>See on Bootstrap variant</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>See it applied on another Bootstrap's variant</summary>
```

</table>
```

<details>

> <summary>See on Bootstrap variant</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>See it applied on another Bootstrap's variant</summary>
```

{{< table class="table table-sm" caption="Boosted small table" >}}

<details>

> <summary>See on Bootstrap variant</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>See it applied on another Bootstrap's variant</summary>
```
